c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe.config
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.baml
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Res\MyDictionary.baml
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_Content.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\DynamicDataDisplay.dll
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.g.resources
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.g.cs
c:\users\e.gynkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.baml
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe.config
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\DynamicDataDisplay.dll
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Res\MyDictionary.baml
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_Content.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.baml
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.baml
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.g.resources
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
D:\Work\USBTerminal_10_03_2014\USBTetminal2\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe.config
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.exe
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\USBTetminal2.pdb
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\bin\Debug\DynamicDataDisplay.dll
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Res\MyDictionary.baml
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_Content.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\Legend\CustomLegend.baml
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\Controls\ToolBar\ToolBarView.baml
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.g.resources
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\USBTerminalRepo\USBTerminal\USBTetminal2\obj\Debug\USBTetminal2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
